$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2019Q4,v 1.1.2.10 2020/02/23 18:33:03 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2019Q4 branch:

Pullup ticket #6105 - requested by taca
x11/ruby-tk-gem: build fix

Pullup ticket #6107 - requested by is
security/libssh: security fix

Pullup ticket #6108 - requested by roy
net/dhcpd: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6109 - requested by sevan
print/ghostscript-agpl: security fix

Pullup ticket #6111 - requested by sevan
graphics/openjpeg: security fix

Pullup ticket #6112 - requested by nia
graphics/GraphicsMagick: security fix

Pullup ticket #6114 - requested by nia
misc/raspberrypi-userland: build fix

Pullup ticket #6113 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix (zero-day)

Pullup ticket #6115 - requested by nia
net/libtorrent-rasterbar: NetBSD 8 build fix

Pullup ticket #6106 - requested by gutteridge
x11/mate-terminal: crash fix

Pullup ticket #6116 - requested by ryoon
www/firefox68-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6117 - requested by nia
devel/nss: dependent update (for Firefox)

Pullup ticket #6132 - requested by minskim
www/py-feedgen: security fix

Pullup ticket #6133 - requested by taca
security/sudo: security fix

Pullup ticket #6120 - requested by kim
www/nginx: security fix

Pullup ticket #6121 - requested by tm
databases/phpmyadmin: security fix (CVE-2020-5504)

Pullup ticket #6122 - requested by kim
textproc/libxml2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6123 - requested by gutteridge
emulators/qemu: build fix

Pullup ticket #6124 - requested by leot
net/youtube-dl: update

Pullup ticket #6126 - requested by taca
www/awstats: security fix

Pullup ticket #6127 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security fix

Pullup ticket #6130 - requested by taca
databases/ldb: dependent update (for samba4)

Pullup ticket #6125 - requested by taca
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6128 - requested by taca
lang/php74: security fix

Pullup ticket #6129 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security fix

Pullup ticket #6136 - requested by taca
mail/dovecot2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6137 - requested by taca
security/clamav: security fix + partial fix for PR pkg/54951

Pullup ticket #6134 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix

Pullup ticket #6135 - requested by nia
www/firefox68-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6138 - requested by nia
chat/weechat: security fix

Pullup ticket #6139 - requested by morr
www/wordpress: security fix

