$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2020Q1,v 1.1.2.8 2020/05/08 19:20:33 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2020Q1 branch:

Pullup ticket #6149 - requested by ryoon
devel/glibmm: bugfix (for inkscape)

Pullup ticket #6150 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix

Pullup ticket #6151 - requested by nia
www/firefox68-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6152 - requested by adam
net/haproxy: security fix (CVE-2020-11100)

Pullup ticket #6153 - requested by wiz
www/apache24: Security fix

Pullup ticket #6154 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser: security fix

Pullup ticket #6155 - requested by nia
www/firefox68: security fix

Pullup ticket #6156 - requested by nia
www/firefox68-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6157 - requested by wiz
security/tor-browser: security fix

Pullup ticket #6158 - requested by leot
lang/scala: build fix

Pullup ticket #6159 - requested by leot
devel/git-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6160 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel411: security fix

Pullup ticket #6161 - requested by sborrill
mk/pkginstall: NetBSD 7 bugfix

Pullup ticket #6162 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-redmine_bootstrap_kit: build fix

Pullup ticket #6163 - requested by taca
databases/phpmyadmin: security fix

Pullup ticket #6164 - requested by taca
lang/ruby26-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6165 - requested by taca
lang/ruby27-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6167 - requested by taca
lang/ruby24-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6166 - requested by taca
lang/ruby25-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6168 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-fiddle: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6170 - requested by nia
security/mbedtls: security fix

Pullup ticket #6169 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-redmine_jenkins: build fix

Pullup ticket #6172 - requested by nia
x11/qt5-qtwebkit: build fix

Pullup ticket #6173 - requested by nia
games/supertux: build fix

Pullup ticket #6171 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security fix

Pullup ticket #6174 - requested by taca
lang/php74: security fix

Pullup ticket #6175 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security fix

Pullup ticket #6177 - requested by nia
multimedia/ffmpeg2: security fix

Pullup ticket #6179 - requested by taca
www/squid4: security fix

Pullup ticket #6181 - requested by leot
devel/git-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #6182 - requested by taca
mail/roundcube-plugin-password: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6183 - requested by taca
www/drupal8: security fix

Pullup ticket #6185 - requested by taca
mail/roundcube: security fix

